README.md, before:

# Furnitrade

Furnitrade is a web app that aims to provide a clear and efficient furniture trading 
solution for college students living off-campus. Sellers can post, edit and delete
funiture information, while buyers can easily browse by category. They can communicate 
via request forms, without revealing their privacy (contact info, etc.) to public.

This repository is forked from the development stage [repo](https://github.com/WenlinMao/Furnitrade).
It's mainly used for deployment and presentation.  

### Website
www.furnitrade.net

![Screen](documentation/FTPSampleSceen.png)

### Developer

Team FTP (Furniture Trade Platform): 
Wenlin Mao, Yilin Xie, Shengyao Xiao, 
Mao Li, Xiaoyang Zeng, Zhaoyi Huang, 
Zhenghong Ma, Yifeng Zhang, Yilin Cai, 
Sixing Jiao.

### Deploy on localhost from default

For details, please refer to the original development stage [repo](https://github.com/WenlinMao/Furnitrade).

### Video Demo
[Youtube link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7hTTqTOZBfY&t=76s)

Commit message:

updated readme to include project info, web url and project demo.

README.md, after:

# Furnitrade

Furnitrade is a web app that aims to provide a clear and efficient furniture trading 
solution for college students living off-campus. Sellers can post, edit and delete
funiture information, while buyers can easily browse by category. They can communicate 
via request forms, without revealing their privacy (contact info, etc.) to public.

This project originates from CSE110 and is currently undergoing refactorization and delpoyment.
This repository is forked from the development stage [repo](https://github.com/WenlinMao/Furnitrade).
This version of repo is mainly used for deployment and presentation.  

### Website
www.furnitrade.net.

*Link may be unavailable because we end the cloud service plan and database connection, in order to*
*save on budget while we are fixing bugs. To preview, please kindly refer to the project demo*

![Screen](documentation/FTPSampleSceen.png)

### Developer

Team FTP (Furniture Trade Platform): 
Wenlin Mao, Yilin Xie, Shengyao Xiao, 
Mao Li, Xiaoyang Zeng, Zhaoyi Huang, 
Zhenghong Ma, Yifeng Zhang, Yilin Cai, 
Sixing Jiao.

### Deploy on localhost from default

For details, please refer to the original development stage [repo](https://github.com/WenlinMao/Furnitrade).

### Video Demo
[Youtube link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7hTTqTOZBfY&t=76s)
